

### Project Idea

#### Project Title : 
Smarter Blogs  - APPROVED

#### Project Description : 
Redesign a blogging website to provide smart summaries of each blog in the title card,improve search results and implement autocomplete on search query to help enhance user experience.

#### Proposed Methodology:
- Use Natural Language Processing to enhance the look of a blogging website.
- Using bi-gram/tri-gram key phrases,we map each blog with a set of words. This will result in providing better search result.
- Using NLTK library (python framework) we implement text summarization. The top 5 important sentences in each blog will be displayed along with it’s title. This will help users get a feel for what the blog is about before going further with reading the whole thing.
- The autocomplete feature in the search will help user with better suggestions for their search.

#### Resources : 
Python, NLTK, Ealsticsearch 

#### Dataset

##### Original data from kaggle 
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1svZlU3q0p-fx6Zm-6tRoGrV6FnctFkR5

##### Summarized csv files
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1eXbQKVANMy7Kh9Nz_ZG-kqKEJ4xHuV2a

##### Summarized json file
https://drive.google.com/open?id=167oXLXMRzw_PnBxT0dNRBlpsAl2gGQAy

### Use Cases

#### Use Case Number:
1

#### Use Case Name:
Enter a search query

#### Description:
User types in a search query “keyword1, keyword2, …” to find the blogs that are relevant to the search terms. The keywords of the search query narrows the number of matching blogs found. A list of blogs show up with summaries of the blogs generated by an algorithm.

#### Primary Actor:
User

#### Precondition:
The search box has a query.

#### Trigger:
User hitting enter key.

#### Basic Flow:
- The application accepts the query.
- The query is analyzed for keywords.
- Database of blogs is scanned for keywords.
- Database returns matching blogs.
- Application displays list of blog titles and summaries generated by an algorithm.

#### Use Case Number:
2

#### Use Case Name:
Selecting a blog from list

#### Description:
User selects a blog from the resulting list and sees a more detailed view of the blog.

#### Primary Actor:
User

#### Precondition:
There is a list of blogs displayed.

#### Trigger:
User chooses a blog from the list.

#### Basic Flow:
- Application switches screen to the chosen blog.
- The screen displays the entire blog that was formatted to fit the screen.

